feat: add deploy instructions to readme (#25)
thirdweb-example/erc721: README.md

Learn more: https://portal.thirdweb.com/glossary/gasless-transactions

## Deploying Your Site

### Deploying to IPFS

To deploy your site to IPFS, run the following command:

```bash

> yarn run build && yarn run deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn deploy
```

```

> This will deploy your site and output the IPFS hash of your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will deploy your site and output the IPFS hash of your site. You can then grab the IPFS hash and replace it with the one you get on the Embed tab on your contract on dashboard, so you get the updated version on your website once you copy it over.
```

### Deploying to a centralized server

> To deploy your site to a centralized server, you can use tools like [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) or [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) and deploy it like a normal Vite React app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also deploy it to any centralized server like any normal website.
```
